README.md, before:

# Pipeline Project-Env Plugin

[![Build Status](https://ci.jenkins.io/job/Plugins/job/pipeline-project-env-plugin/job/main/badge/icon)](https://ci.jenkins.io/job/Plugins/job/pipeline-project-env-plugin/job/main/)
[![Jenkins Plugin](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/plugin/v/pipeline-project-env.svg)](https://plugins.jenkins.io/pipeline-project-env)
[![Jenkins Plugin Installs](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/plugin/i/pipeline-project-env.svg?color=blue)](https://plugins.jenkins.io/pipeline-project-env)

## Introduction

This plugin allows you to use Project-Env within Jenkins pipelines. See [Project-Env](https://project-env.github.io/) for more details.

## Getting started

### Declarative pipeline
```groovy
pipeline {
    agent {
        // ...
    }
    options {
        withProjectEnv()
    }
    stages {
        // ...
    }
}
```

### Scripted pipeline
```groovy
node {
    withProjectEnv() {
        // ...
    }
}
```

## Parameters

| Name         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `cliVersion` | The Project-Env CLI version which should be used. If not configured, the latest version will be resolved automatically. If the Project-Env CLI is already installed (resolved through `PATH`), the plugin will use this version instead. |
| `cliDebug`   | Whether to activate the debug mode in the Project-Env CLI. If not configured, the debug mode will be deactivated.                                                                                                                        |
| `configFile` | The path to the Project-Env CLI configuration file. If not configured, project-env.toml will be used.                                                                                                                                    |

### Example

```groovy
node {
    withProjectEnv(cliVersion: '3.4.0') {
        // ...
    }
}
```

## Contributing

See [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jenkinsci/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Changelog

See [releases](https://github.com/jenkinsci/pipeline-project-env-plugin/releases)

Commit message:

Allow skipping temporary directory clean up

README.md, after:

# Pipeline Project-Env Plugin

[![Build Status](https://ci.jenkins.io/job/Plugins/job/pipeline-project-env-plugin/job/main/badge/icon)](https://ci.jenkins.io/job/Plugins/job/pipeline-project-env-plugin/job/main/)
[![Jenkins Plugin](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/plugin/v/pipeline-project-env.svg)](https://plugins.jenkins.io/pipeline-project-env)
[![Jenkins Plugin Installs](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/plugin/i/pipeline-project-env.svg?color=blue)](https://plugins.jenkins.io/pipeline-project-env)

## Introduction

This plugin allows you to use Project-Env within Jenkins pipelines. See [Project-Env](https://project-env.github.io/) for more details.

## Getting started

### Declarative pipeline
```groovy
pipeline {
    agent {
        // ...
    }
    options {
        withProjectEnv()
    }
    stages {
        // ...
    }
}
```

### Scripted pipeline
```groovy
node {
    withProjectEnv() {
        // ...
    }
}
```

## Parameters

| Name         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `cliVersion` | The Project-Env CLI version which should be used. If not configured, the latest version will be resolved automatically. If the Project-Env CLI is already installed (resolved through `PATH`), the plugin will use this version instead. |
| `cliDebug`   | Whether to activate the debug mode in the Project-Env CLI. If not configured, the debug mode will be deactivated.                                                                                                                       |
| `configFile` | The path to the Project-Env CLI configuration file. If not configured, project-env.toml will be used.                                                                                                                                   |
| `skipCleanup`| If set to `true`, the plugin will not delete the temporary directory after the step block. Default: `false`.                                                                                            |
### Example

```groovy
node {
    withProjectEnv(cliVersion: '3.4.0') {
        // ...
    }
}
```

## Contributing

See [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jenkinsci/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Changelog

See [releases](https://github.com/jenkinsci/pipeline-project-env-plugin/releases)
